<div style="padding: 0 32px">
        <h1>About Me</h1>
</div>
<hr/>
<div style="padding: 0 32px">
        I don't know how to start this, but I need to get this off my chest. My son, who is 16 years old, has decided that he wants to become skibidi toilet. If you don't know what that is, it's a meme from a Russian music video where a guy dances like a toilet. It's supposed to be funny, but my son takes it very seriously. He says that it's his true identity and that he feels more comfortable as a toilet than as a human.

        He has been dressing up as a toilet for months now. He wears a white jumpsuit with a toilet seat around his neck, and he carries a plunger everywhere he goes. He also makes weird noises and gestures that are supposed to mimic a toilet flushing. He even changed his name to Skibidi on his social media accounts and asked us to call him that.

        At first, I thought it was just a phase or a joke, but he insists that it's not. He says that he is happy as skibidi toilet and that he wants to live like that for the rest of his life. He says that he doesn't care what other people think of him, and that he has found a community of other skibidi toilets online who support him.

        I don't understand how he can do this to himself. He used to be a normal kid, with good grades, friends, hobbies, and dreams. He wanted to go to college and become a lawyer. Now he has dropped out of school, isolated himself from his friends, and spends all his time online with other skibidi toilets. He has no future, no goals, no dignity.

        My husband and I have tried everything to help him. We have talked to him, pleaded with him, yelled at him, grounded him, taken away his internet access, and even taken him to a therapist. But nothing works. He refuses to listen to us or to anyone who tries to reason with him. He says that we don't love him, that we don't accept him, that we are trying to change him.

        This has caused a lot of stress and conflict in our marriage. My husband blames me for not being strict enough with our son, and I blame him for not being supportive enough. We argue all the time, and we barely talk to each other anymore. We have lost the love and respect that we once had for each other. We are thinking of getting a divorce.

        I don't know what to do. I love my son, but I can't stand to see him ruin his life like this. I want him to be happy, but I also want him to be normal. I don't know how to help him, or how to save my marriage. I feel like I have failed as a mother and as a wife. I feel like I have no one to talk to, no one who understands me. I feel alone and hopeless.

        Please, if anyone has any advice or experience with this, I would appreciate it. I don't know how much longer I can take this. I just want my son back, and I want my marriage back. I just want things to be normal again.
</div>
<hr/>
